update doc: Testnet Public Nodes User Manual (#715)
nervosnetwork/fiber: docs/testnet-nodes.md

5. Start the node A

>    You need to set a `FIBER_SECRET_KEY_PASSWORD` environment variable in the startup command to encrypt your wallet private key file. In this example, I used '123', but you can choose any password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need to set a `FIBER_SECRET_KEY_PASSWORD` environment variable in the startup command to encrypt your wallet private key file. I used `123` here for demo purposes, but I recommend using a strong password.
```
